---
title: 【Leetcode Weekly Digest】August 2020 - Week 4
url: lc-2008-4
date: 2020-08-25 10:39:08
tags: 
- Leetcode

categories: 
- Coding

---

Leetcode Weekly Digest for 2nd Week of August 2020 (August 23rd - August 29th)

[toc]

<!--more-->

## August 25th

### 17 Letter Combinations Of Phone Numbers

- **Difficulty:** Medium
- **Solution:** BFS

### 19 Remove Nth element from end of linked list

> Given a linked list, remove the n-th node from the end of list and return its head.

- **Difficulty:** Medium
- **Solution:** double pointer

**Returning 'dummy.next' and not 'head' is very crucial.**

### 20 Valid Parenthesis

- **Difficulty:** Easy
- **Solution:** Stack

### 21 Merge Two Sorted Linked Lists

- **Difficulty:** Easy
- **Solution:** trivial, note that **Returning 'dummy.next' and not 'head' is very crucial.**

### 404 Sum of left leaves

- **Difficulty:** Easy
- **Solution:** trivial



## August 27th

### 33 Search In Rotated Sorted Array

> Given an integer array nums sorted in ascending order, and an integer target.

> Suppose that nums is rotated at some pivot unknown to you beforehand (i.e., [0,1,2,4,5,6,7] might become [4,5,6,7,0,1,2]).

> You should search for target in nums and if you found return its index, otherwise return -1.

- **Difficulty:** Medium
- **Solution:** Binary Search twice. First for the min, then for the target


### 34 Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array

> Given an array of integers nums sorted in ascending order, find the starting and ending position of a given target value.

> Your algorithm's runtime complexity must be in the order of O(log n).

> If the target is not found in the array, return [-1, -1].

- **Difficulty:** Medium
- **Solution:** Binary Search twice, first for min then for max


### 39 Combination Sum

> Given a set of candidate numbers (candidates) (without duplicates) and a target number (target), find all unique combinations in candidates where the candidate numbers sums to target.

> The same repeated number may be chosen from candidates unlimited number of times.

- **Difficulty:** Medium
- **Solution:** first sort the candidates, then DFS/BFS

### 48 Rotate Image

> You are given an n x n 2D matrix representing an image, Rotate the image by 90 degrees (clockwise).

- **Difficulty:** Medium
- **Solution:** 
```
clockwise rotate
first reverse up to down, then swap the symmetry 
1 2 3     7 8 9     7 4 1
4 5 6  => 4 5 6  => 8 5 2
7 8 9     1 2 3     9 6 3
```

### 49 Grouping Anagrams

> Given an array of strings, group anagrams together.

- **Difficulty:** Medium
- **Solution:** sort the string element, and use Hashmap to store the original string.




## References

- [Binary Search Patterns](https://blog.csdn.net/qq_25800311/article/details/82734239)

