---
title: 【Leetcode Weekly Digest】September 2020 - Week 1
url: lc-2009-1
date: 2020-09-01 09:23:53
tags: 
- Leetcode

categories: 
- Coding

---

Leetcode Weekly Digest for 1st Week of September 2020 (September 1st ~ September 7th)

**KeyWords**: 

[toc]

<!--more-->

## September 1st

### 55 Jump Game

> Given an array of non-negative integers, you are initially positioned at the first index of the array.

> Each element in the array represents your maximum jump length at that position.

> Determine if you are able to reach the last index.

- **Difficulty:** Medium
- **Solution:** Recursion -> DP -> Greedy
  - idea: `canJumpFrom(x)`

### 55 Merge Intervals

> Given a collection of intervals, merge all overlapping intervals.

- **Difficulty:** Medium 
- **Solution:** sort then iterate


## September 2nd

### 949 Largest Time For Given Digits

> Given an array of 4 digits, return the largest 24 hour time that can be made.

- **Difficulty:** Easy
- **Solution:** Trivial

### 62 Unique Paths

> The robot can only move either down or right at any point in time. The robot is trying to reach the bottom-right corner of the grid (marked 'Finish' in the diagram below).

> How many possible unique paths are there?

- **Difficulty:** Medium
- **Solution:** Easy DP

### 64 Minimum Path Sum

> Given a m x n grid filled with non-negative numbers, find a path from top left to bottom right which minimizes the sum of all numbers along its path.

- **Difficulty:** Medium
- **Solution:** Easy DP

### 70 Climb Stairs

> You are climbing a stair case. It takes n steps to reach to the top.

> Each time you can either climb 1 or 2 steps. In how many distinct ways can you climb to the top?

- **Difficulty:** Easy
- **Solution:** Fibonacci, use dp


## Sepetember 3rd

### 220 Contains Duplicate III

> Given an array of integers, find out whether there are two distinct indices i and j in the array such that the absolute difference between nums[i] and nums[j] is at most t and the absolute difference between i and j is at most k.

- **Difficulty:** Medium
- **Solution:** **Use a BST(map) as a window**, where the original sorted results can be maintained. every time `i++`, only one element needs removing
- **Note:** Use `long` as the tree index to avoid overflow


## Sepetember 4th

### 459 Repeated Substring Pattern

> Given a non-empty string check if it can be constructed by taking a substring of it and appending multiple copies of the substring together. You may assume the given string consists of lowercase English letters only and its length will not exceed 10000.

- **Difficulty:** Easy
- **My Solution:** simple solution, first find possible period, then test the period


## September 5th

### 763 Partition Labels

> A string S of lowercase English letters is given. We want to partition this string into as many parts as possible so that each letter appears in at most one part, and return a list of integers representing the size of these parts.

- **Difficulty:** Medium
- **My Solution:**
  - record the window of every interval
  - merge the intervals using BST
  - _remember to sort the intervals first according to the `fst` field_
- **Official Solution:** Greedy, just record the `last[char]`


## September 6th

### 1305 All Elements in Two Binary Search Trees

> Given two binary search trees root1 and root2. Return a list containing all the integers from both trees sorted in ascending order.

- **Difficulty:** Medium
- **Solution:** MidOrder+Merge
